.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.TH PYTARBAK 1 "26 May 2013" "timeball Version 0.1"
.SH NAME
timeball \- python based scripts for incremental tar backups
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY timeball
.RI backup
.RI full|partial
.RI src
.RI dest
.OP \-\-profile=name
.OP \-\-exclude=regexp
.OP \-\-name=name
.OP \-\-target=src
.OP \-\-dest=dest

.SY timeball
.RI \-\-help

.SY timeball
.RI recover|delete
.RI backup-file

.SH DESCRIPTION
timeball is a GNU Tar based backup approach. It can create and manage sets of incremental tar backups.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS Backup options

.TP
.B full
Create a full backup.
.
.TP
.B partial
Create an incremental backup.
.
.TP
.B \-\-profile=name
Use backup options from profile name. Default profile is "default"

.TP
.B \-\-exclude=regexp
Exclude files matching regexp from the backup

.TP
.B \-\-name=arcname
Use arcname for the backup base name

.TP
.B src | \-\-target=src
Specifiy the location to backup.

.TP
.B dest | \-\-dest=dest
Specify location to put backup

.SS Recovery and Deletion
.
.TP
.B recover filename
Start a backup recovery session with filename.

.TP
.B delete filename
Delete a backup from backup file "filename"

.SS Other options

.TP
.B \-\-help
Show usage information



.\" The following commands should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.SH FILES
~/.timeball
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"      (command return values (to shell) and
.\"      fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"      and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.\" .Sh SEE ALSO
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
